Source: https://nust.edu.pk/admissions/undergraduates/procedure-of-admission-on-the-basis-of-net/

PROCEDURE OF ADMISSION ON THE BASIS OF NET
  Visit https://ugadmissions.nust.edu.pk and get registered by providing valid e-mail address.
Candidate will be allotted a password against his e-mail / login ID to access the online application form.
Fill the online form, upload recent passport size photograph not more than one month old (with plain background), and submit the form. Successful submission of form will be confirmed through an e-mail by NUST.
Re-Login to your account and print Fee Invoice for depositing processing fee from My Account page.
Candidates can deposit fee with any branch of HBL. Fee deposit will be verified through e-mail within 5 days of payment.
Candidates of computer based test will have to choose Test Date and Session out of the available options.
Candidates of computer based test will be allocated Roll Number, Test Centre, Test Session, Log-in ID and Password.
For paper based test, allocation of Test Date and Session will be made on ‘First Come First Served’ basis.
For Paper Based Test, candidates will be informed through email regarding printing of Admit Card containing exact time and centre for Entry Test.
Candidates are required to print their Admit Cards and bring the same to the Test Centre along with Original CNIC / Family Registration Certificate / Passport / Original Matric / FSc certificate bearing photograph as proof for identification..
Candidates can appear more than once to improve their score. Best score will be picked by the system for merit generation.
Candidates can review their preference of choices after announcement of merit list. However, candidates can give application for change of preference, ONCE during selection process by applying through prescribed performa. After this, request of change of preference will not be entertained.
After depositing dues, if a candidate desire to be retained in the allocated programme irrespective of the preferences given in the application form, he/she has to apply through prescribed performa, so that his/her upgradation is blocked in subsequent selections.
Candidates failing to deposit admission dues within the given time will not be considered for admission any further.
Closing merit of session 2023 for different programmes will be available on the website for guidance
Admit Cards will be retained at the Test Centres for further verification.
Note: Misrepresentation of facts or false information will lead to cancellation of admission at any stage.
Undergraduate Programmes
Master Programmes
PhD Programmes
Scholarships
Fee Structure